Meeting Start Time
2021/01/23 6:00pm

Meeting End Time
2021/01/23 7:30pm

Location/Medium
Discord

Present
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick

Minute Recorder
Evan

Topics Discussed
We disucssed a couple issues we were having with parameter types in certain functions. We were able to fix this and the issue was pushed. Collin pushed a fix for the hoods filter and 
the date filtering is now complete. We then discussed the SSO integration and we believe we are at a point of needing to meet with the networking department to get an entityID in order
to connect to the SSO. We emailed Graham and asked him to setup the meeting and then we also contacted Tim Sprowl again. He helped us get going with the SSO integration by showing us
how he has done it in some of his projects. We are contacting him again to ask about how we go about testing with the SSO.
Things Clarified  
We are going to have a workday on Tuesday and integrate Docker into our project. We will also get modals working and fix any other small issues in the project.
