## Meeting Start Time  
2021/01/26/2:30p.m.

## Meeting End Time  
2020/01/26/4:00p.m.

## Location  
Discord

## Present  
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick

## Minute Recorder  
Evan

## Topics Discussed 
We started the meeting by talking about what needs to be done for the week. Brevin is working on writing tests that were not implemented by the previous group. Evan is going to 
add the tutorial page to the site and then complete it along with fixing the modal that directs users to the contact page or tutorial page. We need to get Docker setup so we worked
on it for a bit but were are all a little confused by it so we plan to go to Professor Ergin's office hours on Thursday to get help. We cannot do anymore work with the SSO until we
meet with networking so we have that meeting setup. We have been in contact with Tim Sprowl and he gave us some tips on how to test once we have the SSO implemented.

## Things Clarified  
We clarified when we would meet next and this is going to be on Thursday to join the office hours to get some help with Docker. After this we will try to meet over the weekend 
and get the Dockerfile working. We will all be working on our small tasks until then.
