# Meeting Start Time
10-2-20 1:10

# Meeting End Time
10-2-20 1:40

# Location/Medium
Remote Zoom

# Present
Evan, Colin, Kyle, Nick

# Minute Recorder
Nick

# Topics Discussed
Keith started out talking about Docker. We said we would look into it, as we are working off existing things. Evan showed his progress on the UI prototype. Nick shared a Discovery doc made showing some possible issues to be fixed with the previous site. We discussed our abilities with PHP. Nick and Colin are somewhat confident and Evan has no experience. Frontend will be bootstrap/html/sass. We explained some parts of the project. disscussed notifications, we decided all notifications should be text/email, no push notifications. Keith mentioned email regularity but we will only go through outlook with SSO

# Things Clarified
Nick and Colin will look through CakePHP documentation, Colin will continue work on the UI prototype.