## Meeting Start Time  
2020/12/3/6:00pm

## Meeting End Time  
2020/12/3/7:00p.m.

## Location  
Zoom

## Present  
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick, Keith

## Minute Recorder  
Brevin

## Topics Discussed  
We went over our progress since the last iteration.
The sass implementation is pretty much complete, and was to be pushed by the weekend.
The cakephp v.4 migration is almost complete there are just a few road blocks that need attention.
The variation/special_type has been started and should be done by next week.
The filtering has yet to be started as variation/special_type field has yet to be implemented
