## Meeting Start Time  
2021/02/16/2:00p.m.

## Meeting End Time  
2020/02/16/2:45p.m.

## Location  
Discord

## Present  
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick

## Minute Recorder  
Evan

## Topics Discussed 
We started the meeting by going over some notes that Graham left us for the project. Graham created a plugin to make the SimpleSAML compatible with our CakePHP app since
the authentication for CakePHP can be weird to work with. We went over this and worked on making sense of the information. We then reverted the folder structure back to its 
original state because the new folder structure may have been preventing the composer file from functioning properly. Evan fixed the overflow error on the messages page and also
added a table of contents to the user guide page as requested by Graham.

## Things Clarified  
We plan to meet again Thursday to sign up for the symposium and also make a plan for the weekend. We have a meeting with the networking team on Friday and we will be getting
the service provider. This should be the last piece we need to finally put everything together and get the SSO working. After Friday, we will meet over the weekend to take
care of the messages revisions and SSO implementation.
