## Meeting Start Time  
2021/02/25/1:30p.m.

## Meeting End Time  
2020/02/16/2:00p.m.

## Location  
Discord

## Present  
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick

## Minute Recorder  
Evan

## Topics Discussed 
In this meeting, we wanted to make a plan for the weekend as there are a few things for us to accomplish. For the most part, functionality is complete for this iteration and 
we now need to test. Evan is working on the email pages for the message notifications and approval notifications. Brevin will then test the emails once this is done. Collin is going to
work on a filter for unread and read messages and then Nick is working on SimplSAML for SSO connection.

## Things Clarified  
We plan to meet over the weekend with Keith as it is the only time he was available for a meeting. Other than that, we will need to meet and iron out the last few details for the
iteration and we will need to schedule a meeting with networkig to continue work on the SSO integration. We need to Email Graham and ask him about the auto-deployment for our project 
because there is a issue with the file path right now and the site is not working correctly.
