# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/16 18:00

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/16 19:00

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Brevin

# Topics Discussed
We discussed ways to preform integration tests to further test our software.  Everyone decided what they will focus on before our bi-weekly meeting with Graham, and the improments to the dashboard was agreed upon to be the most important.  We also discussed what we needed to have with us for our meeting tomorrow with the Networking team, to finalize the implementation within the SSO.
# Things Clarified
We are meeting with Graham on Thursday the 18th to discuss progress of our application.  We decided to meet for an informal meeting tomorrow after the networking meeting, to regroup and see if more progress needed to be made.