# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/25 2:00pm

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/16 2:30pm

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed 
We started the meeting by going through AWS and trying to connect to the database. We are currently trying to get our app live so we can get the metadata and 
send it to networking so they can configure things on their side and we will then have a working connection with SSO. Nick tried some things out and we were
able to connect however, we ran into some other issues so we will need to contact Robert from the Networking team. Evan and Collin are working on the front-end and
Brevin is going to add some restrictions to the app with protected routes.
# Things Clarified
We are going to meet with Graham tomorrow so we can clear up some issues and continue working on the app. We are also going to meet with Keith for this iteration's
mentor meeting. We will wait for responses from networking and keep working on the app.
