# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/04 2:00

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/04 2:45

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Nick

# Topics Discussed
We discussed the remaining things left for the iteration, being a few css bugs, responsiveness, documentation and testing. We also discussed our meeting with graham tomorrow as well as downgrading the php version on our local apache servers in order to view the simplesaml dashboard.

# Things Clarified
We have a meeting on the 5th at 3pm where we will show him our progress as well as discuss some issues that we have been running into