# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/05 7:00

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/05 8:00

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed
We met after our meeting with the client to make sure everything was working properly so we could submit the software. We had to fix a small bug in the software from when we changed products to items.
Besides that, we made sure everything was updated and all the documentation matched the software and submitted the release.
# Things Clarified
We will need to meet over the weekend to complete our presentation for iteration day. We also need to contact the networking team and schedule our next meeting because we are now ready
for the next step in the SSO implementation.
