# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/08 15:00

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/08 16:00

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Brevin

# Topics Discussed
We met to discuss the different facets of our presentation for the upcoming presentation. We compiled the feedback we received into our Iteration 4 Presentation.
# Things Clarified
We decided to meet again on Thursday to go over what we will show during the presentation time.
We reached out to Networking about our times to be able to meet to set up the remaining pieces for the SSO integration.
