# Meeting Start Time
2021/04/25 6:00pm

# Meeting End Time
2021/04/25 7:00pm

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Collin

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed 
We focused on finishing the closure presentation and the capstone showcase presentation. We also found an issue with the auto-deployment of the application through
AWS and we need to get in contact with Graham because he is now the owner of the repository and we think he needs to do some configuration to get it to work. We plan
to have Collin and Nick present in the showcase.

# Things Clarified
We finished the presentations and will submit the capstone showcase presentation on Tuesday to allow us to add any details we think of. We will meet on Wednesday to
discuss how we will present in the showcase on Thursday.
