# Meeting Start Time
2021/04/03 6:00pm

# Meeting End Time
2021/04/03 6:30pm

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Nick, Brevin, Evan, Colin

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed 
We started the meeting by working on the symposium presentation and trying to finish that. We have all the images ready and Collin wrote a quick explanation for each
photo to add to the presentation. Brevin is going to piece these things together on the presentation. We then talked about our project and what each person needs to
do. We need to get the SSO connection completed and Evan and Collin plan to finalize the front-end. Brevin is going to finalize testing and any changes to the back-end.
# Things Clarified
We plan to meet Sunday to over everyone's progress and then we also will schedule a meeting with networking if we continue to have issues with the SSO connection.
We will meet multiple times this week to make sure we are all on the same page when making the final touches to the project. We will have our meeting with
Keith on Thursday and then we will meet with Graham on Friday.
