# Meeting Start Time
2020/12/15/12:00p.m 

# Meeting End Time
2020/12/15/1:45p.m. 

# Location/Medium
Virtual Zoom

# Present
Nick, Evan, Brevin, Collin, Graham  

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed  
We started the meeting by asking Graham about our issue with passwords not being hashed when a user signs up. He helped show us the issue and the issue was that the codesniffer had
listed the hash function as bad syntax so it was corrected but actually ended up disabling hashing. He showed us how to use the proper version of the codesniffer so that we would 
be fixing the correct code. We then showed him the working app and one thing we noticed was how some styles on the page are broken in firefox and Graham gave us a few tips on how to fix
this. He gave us a few CSS rules that we could implement to make the pages look better and not break if they are tables. He said the app looks good and we showed him the functionality.
We showed the new filter and he now wants us to add a date filter to go with it. This is something we will work on during break. We upgraded to CakePHP 4 and SCSS so we showed him that
and he helped us with some tests that no longer work because of the CakePHP migration. We showed him the new contact page as we transitioned it from a form to a static page with different
emails that correspond to different topics. He liked this approach and explained that we could use Bootstrap modals to display how to use the site and the different features. After this,
we talked about the next iteration and when we are going to meet with Ball State's networking department. He is going to contact them so we can try and get a meeting in the first week
of January. We will then work on adding BSU SSO system to the application. Besides the date filter, this will be our main task for the iteration.

# Things Clarified
We will meet in the first week of January to discuss how to implement Ball State's SSO system. Graham mentioned looking at one of our tests that we could not get work and seeing if he 
could find the issue in that. Our group will meet soon to create the presentation for presentation day this week.
# Video  
[![image](http://img.youtube.com/vi/TIQ46D8cHXI/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/Lta4aPZXS2Q "Meeting Image")
