# Meeting Start Time
2021/2/4/2:00p.m 

# Meeting End Time
2021/2/4/2:30p.m. 

# Location/Medium
Virtual Zoom

# Present
Nick, Evan, Brevin, Collin, Graham  

# Minute Recorder
Brevin

# Topics Discussed  
We started the meeting off by going through the new features within the app, the date-filtering and the messages system.  Graham was pleased with the filtering, and he provided some feedback on the messages system.

We explained that the messages, how they are currently, is a product of how short our time was.  We explained that, because of how late the SSO meeting with networking was that we were unable to fully implement the SSO within this iteration and our backup plan was to implement a messaging system.  We informed him that we are planning on revamping the messages next iteration wherein which we will be tying the messages to each reservation, instead of being able to send a message to anyone.

We shared our current testing suite with Graham, and he was impressed with how many tests we were able to implement.  He provided some useful information about how testing works within CakePHP, and that each test can have multiple assertions to prevent the need to call to a particular url each time.

Overall, Graham was pleased with our progress on this project.


# Things Clarified
We disscussed a possiblilty of a mid-iteration meeting to help cover any problems we might have with implementing the SSO, and just for a general checkin of our progress.



# Video  
[![](http://img.youtube.com/vi/eZ-e9Ny6ujE/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ-e9Ny6ujE "meeting image")
