# Mentor Meeting on 1/26/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/01/26 2:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2021/01/26 2:45pm

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Nick, Evan, Brevin, Collin, Keith

## Minute Recorder

Collin

## Topics Discussed

We discussed with Keith how our current progress on SSO integration is going and what we need to do to get it finished in time for the iteration. We also discussed the current setup we have for Docker and how it can be improved. Keith gave us a lot of helpful feedback about our current application such as how we can improve the responsiveness of the application, he suggested using the Bootstrap CSS framework's grid system. We also discussed with Keith about testing and how we could approach that once we have the SSO implemented.

## Things Clarified
We clarified that we will each continue working on the application over the weekend to ensure we have enough time to finish the SSO integration next week. We setup a meeting on Febuary 1st at 3:00pm with the BSU networking team to figure out what our next steps are to link our application to the BSU SSO. We will also be working to fix the responsiveness of the website as well as finish our dockerfile setup.
