# Meeting Start Time
2020/10/20 5:00 p.m.

# Meeting End Time
2020/10/20 5:30 p.m.
# Location/Medium
Remote Zoom

# Present
Evan, Colin, Nick, Keith

# Minute Recorder
Evan

# Topics Discussed
We presented our design materials to Keith and he gave us a few tips on how we can improve specific items. The first thing he wanted us to add is a business requirement.
He used his capstone project as an example because it was also for Ball State. He wants us to think about how the software will save Ball State money and we came to the conclusion
that Ball State is not directly saving money, it is the employees who need the regalia and should not have to pay for brand new items to only wear them a few times. We plan to add this
business requirement. The next area Keith said we should improve on is prioritizing the requirements everywhere tehy are listed and to make sure this was agreed on with the client.
This was the extent of the discussion materials. We then asked Keith how we should approach the presentation with the client for the design materials. He mentioned that it would be best
to get all of the product management and details out of the way first and then move into showing him the prototype and domain model. The business requirements are the most
important topic to discuss with Graham to make sure we are on the same page and see if we need to add anymore. 

# Things Clarified
We talked about what the best strategy would be going into development and Keith said looking into the SQL structure should be first on the list so we know what features we are
able to add with the existing structure and see if we need to change anything. Once we find out what we can do with the data, we can move on. Our next meeting is with the client
on Thursday, October 21. We will then meet over the weekend to prepare the presentation for next week.
