# Meeting Start Time
2020/12/14 10:00

# Meeting End Time
2020/12/15 10:35

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Keith, Evan, Brevin, Nick, Collin

# Minute Recorder
Nick

# Topics Discussed
We discussed had just merged the cakephp4 branch with main so we were showing Keith all the new pages and checking for any errors. We found some methods which names updated, and some strange migration changes that we fixed. Otherwise Keith was impressed with what we had changed and said its coming together nicely. We had an issue with password hashing that we asked about but Keith didn't know how to fix it.
We also discussed what the plan is for Iteration 3 and what we can do. We are pretty sure most of iteration 3 will be focused on SSO.

# Things Clarified
We will tentatively meet on January 3rd.