# Meeting Start Time
2020/12/6/7:00p.m
# Meeting End Time
2020/12/6/7:20p.m
# Location/Medium
Discord
# Present
Evan, Brevin, Colin, Nick, Keith
# Minute Recorder
Evan
# Topics Discussed
Evan pushed his SASS migration to the main branch. Upgrading to SASS was one of our big goals of this iteration so now that wehave done that, we will now focus on making pages mobile responsive.
Evan will continue to work on this. Keith gave a few tips on how to make pages mobile friendly, like not using absolute or relative positioning which will be helpful. Graham was helping
with an issue where a selection box does not open when another box is clicked. We explained where we are at in getting CakePHP upgraded to version 4. Keith said we are doing well and then
we talked about our intentions with the project over break and how much work we will need to do over break. We do not plan to do anything major over break but we will fix small issues
with pages and styling. 
# Things Clarified
We are going to meet on December 14th so we can finalize everything for this iteration and then show it to Keith. We will continue working on making pages responsive and then 
finalize upgrading to CakePHP 4. We are doing well so far so we hope to keep this up for the rest of the iteration.
