# Mentor Meeting on 1/26/2021

## Meeting Start Time

2021/02/03 6:00pm

## Meeting End Time

2021/02/03 6:30pm

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Nick, Evan, Brevin, Collin, Keith

## Minute Recorder

Evan

## Topics Discussed

We started by showing Keith the application. We showed him the new date filter and message system. He said it looked really good and we talked to him about our plan to
change the message system to be more user friendly. He helped us come up with a plan to generate a conversation when a reservation is confirmed and explained that this 
would be the most efficient way. He liked the setup for the user guide being its own page in the site. He did say to improve the responsiveness of some pages as they break on
certain screen sizes. We then showed him the documentation and he said everything was there and just to make sure we included the Docker documentation once we got it finished. We
had a few questions over Docker and Keith did his best to help us with them. We explained that we wanted to finish the BSU SSO connection for next iteration and that this was the
most important feature to finish. 

## Things Clarified
We will contact Keith if we have any questions about the SSO connection with hopes he may be able to point us in the right direction since it is new for all of us. Our next meeting
will be the mid-iteration meeting for the fourth iteration if we do not have any questions from now until then. We will work on the small responsiveness issues and then change
the messaging system with the advice Keith gave us.
