# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/02/12:15
# Meeting End Time
2021/03/02/12:25

# Location/Medium
Remote/Discord

# Present
Evan, Brevin, Collin, Nick, Keith

# Minute Recorder
Nick

# Topics Discussed
We talked through the new messaging features that were updated from the last time, and Kieth said that he thought everything looked pretty good. Because of his tight schedule we asked him to clone our repo and look around the program whenever he can. Once he did he said it all looked pretty good, but its not very responsive. There are a few things to make the user experience more streamlined, such as adding buttons and de-cluttering a few elements.  

# Things Clarified
We asked Keith to look through the site when he could and that we would contact him when we needed to meet again.