# Meeting Start Time
2021/03/25/5:30

# Meeting End Time
2021/03/25/5:50

# Location/Medium
Remote Discord

# Present
Collin, Evan, Brevin, Nick, Keith

# Minute Recorder
Nick

# Topics Discussed
We went through all of the UI changes in the app and Keith seemed to like all the changes we made. he said it looked like it flowed a lot better and made a lot more sense to the user. He asked what our functionality was for this iteration and we explained our progress on the SSO and where we were. Keith is not familiar with AWS or saml so he was not able to give us any guidance there but said it looked like we were on the right track.

# Things Clarified
We planned to meet thursday the 8th at 5pm for the end of iteration mentor meeting.